docs/INSTALLER.md, before:

# Windows Installer/Updater (Velopack)

## One-time setup (Windows)
1. Install JDK 17 (Temurin recommended).
2. Install Velopack CLI:
   `dotnet tool install -g vpk --version 0.0.1298`

## Build and package launcher
From repo root:
```powershell
powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File scripts/pack.ps1 -Version 1.0.0
```

This produces installer/update artifacts under `releases/windows/`.

## Launcher runtime behavior
- Launcher hosts account/auth/lobby screens.
- Launcher keeps updater tools available from the Update screen/card.
- Updates are downloaded and applied through Velopack package flow from configured feed URL (`update_repo.txt` or backend release summary feed).

## Local install path
Default install root:
`%LOCALAPPDATA%\GardensOfKaraxas`

Logs are stored under `<install_root>\logs` and include launcher/game/update logs.

## CI release
- Workflow: `.github/workflows/release.yml`
- Trigger: pushes to `main`/`master` excluding markdown-only and backend-only changes.
- Publishes Velopack feed artifacts to GCS (feed path + version archive) and notifies backend release policy endpoint for forced-update gating (5-minute grace).
- Release packaging prefetches existing GCS `.nupkg` artifacts so clients can still use delta updates when they skip several versions.
- Optional transition mode can also publish one migration release to GitHub Releases (`KARAXAS_GITHUB_TRANSITION_RELEASE`), so legacy clients can auto-update into the GCS-fed build.

## Notes on update tokens
Prefer feed URLs that do not require embedding long-lived client secrets.
If private-feed auth is required, keep tokens short-lived and avoid bundling permanent credentials in installer payload files.

Commit message:

Remove GitHub release transition and client token paths

docs/INSTALLER.md, after:

# Windows Installer/Updater (Velopack)

## One-time setup (Windows)
1. Install JDK 17 (Temurin recommended).
2. Install Velopack CLI:
   `dotnet tool install -g vpk --version 0.0.1298`

## Build and package launcher
From repo root:
```powershell
powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File scripts/pack.ps1 -Version 1.0.0
```

This produces installer/update artifacts under `releases/windows/`.

## Launcher runtime behavior
- Launcher hosts account/auth/lobby screens.
- Launcher keeps updater tools available from the Update screen/card.
- Updates are downloaded and applied through Velopack package flow from configured feed URL (`update_repo.txt` or backend release summary feed).

## Local install path
Default install root:
`%LOCALAPPDATA%\GardensOfKaraxas`

Logs are stored under `<install_root>\logs` and include launcher/game/update logs.

## CI release
- Workflow: `.github/workflows/release.yml`
- Trigger: pushes to `main`/`master` excluding markdown-only and backend-only changes.
- Publishes Velopack feed artifacts to GCS (feed path + version archive) and notifies backend release policy endpoint for forced-update gating (5-minute grace).
- Release packaging prefetches existing GCS `.nupkg` artifacts so clients can still use delta updates when they skip several versions.

## Notes on update credentials
Updater flow is designed for public-read GCS feed access and does not require embedding repository tokens in the game client.
